Previously, on "Greenleaf"...
- Your Uncle Mac.
- What?
- He did it again.
- Honestly, Gigi,
I don't think he ever really stopped.
I was wondering if I could talk to you
for a few minutes about Danielle.
We don't go to Calvary no more.
I know, and I know why.
I just want to give you a little advice.
Before you pick up the phone,
before you dial a number,
before you do anything,
check your heart.
- What's the matter?
- Nothing.
So, how'd she look?
She's got nothing on you.
I've done three hours of homework
and I have another hour to go on this.
I have to wear a school uniform
that makes me look like a hippo,
and you still haven't
explained why we moved here.
I want to live with Dad.
You're helping her go to school.
Then next thing I know, you're
helping her with the car.
Let her go, David.
I will, Miss McCready.
Not saying it like that, you won't.
That's saying, "Miss
McCready, leave me alone.
Mm-hmm. Let me keep on disrespecting
myself with this tramp."
The drawer's light again.
I'll talk to him.
Sounds like some good fishing to me.
They still stocking that lake?
Jones Pond? They do twice a year.
Mmm, Mae used to make a trout
make you want to stand up
and slap somebody.
- Wrapped in bacon.
- Whoo!
I can't remember the last time
I saw that woman in the kitchen.
The Lord giveth
and the Lord taketh away.
What are y'all doing this weekend?
- Bishop?
- I don't know,
but I guess we're about to find out.
The "Memphis Daily News" just called.
They said they heard
through the grapevine
that we're stonewalling a Senate
inquiry into our finances.
And whose grapevine
did they hear this through?
- Bob Banks'?
- They wouldn't say.
They just wanted to know
if such an inquiry exists.
- What did you tell them?
- That it was news to me.
That boy just won't give up.
What do you want me to do?
Have Conrad prep the jet for a
7:00 AM departure in the morning.
Right away.
Somewhere out at Shelby Farms,
a trout's prayers just got answered.
We're going to Nashville.
_
Mom, are they going to make me pray?
- Mom?
- Yeah?
Are they going to make me pray?
No one's going to make you
do anything, honey.
You basically eat pizza
and watch movies.
In prison.
They don't actually
lock you in, you know.
Let's roll.
I don't want to do this.
Zora, could you please tell your cousin
that church lock-ins are fun?
It's going to be fun.
Thank you. Now, go. Go, go, go, go.
I don't want Pastor Ramona
saying I made you two late.
- God is good.
- All the time.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Kevin, this is amazing.
I've never seen a setup like this.
I'm glad you're pleased, yeah.
To be honest, other churches,
they give us space,
but from when I first met you,
Calvary's been the only one
that's felt like a real partner.
Well, my mom and I
were homeless for a little while
when my father left us.
Yeah.
I just want to make people feel,
you know, like I always
wanted to feel...
seen and...
cared for.
It's working.
I'll hold down the fort.
- And, uh...
- Yeah. Uh, yeah.
Seriously, Kevin, thanks.
Yeah, no worries.
Our pleasure.
Hey, how you doing?
Pastor Greenleaf?
Gigi?
- Hey.
- Happy Friday.
You, too.
So, Sophia's going to the lock-in?
Can you believe that?
I mean, it seems just like
yesterday you and I...
you know, we were going to those things.
Oh, man.
So, do you have any plans tonight?
Is watching TV a plan?
Have dinner with me and Isabel.
Seriously?
We're going to get barbeque.
You sure she'd be into that?
It was her idea.
Uh...
should I be worried?
No, she just wants to meet you.
All right, if you're okay with it.
Great. Heavy Bettie's, 7:30.
7:30. I'll be there.
All right.
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
Come in.
Good evening, Pastor Greenleaf.
Melisse, Kerissa's
giving Winkie his bath.
All you'll need to do is lay him down
and you can watch your program.
Where y'all going to dinner tonight?
Some new place downtown
with a private dining room.
- What's the occasion?
- Nothing good.
Kerissa trying to...
solidify our ties with the deacons
now that I'm in charge of the board.
- Good evening, Melisse.
- Good evening, Mrs. Greenleaf.
Is my husband whining
about being trotted out
like a show pony?
No, not at all.
- He's ready for his books.
- Okay.
Night, Wink. Love you.
See you later.
It would be really nice
if you acted a little bit
like we were on the same team tonight.
Yes, ma'am.
Yeah.
Come on, y'all.
Thank you for my serenade, baby.
Any time.
I sure wouldn't want to follow that.
Two shots of fireball.
- Oh!
- Did you order these?
No.
They're from the gentlemen over there.
Well, go ahead, Mr. Wonder.
It's your own fault for singing so good.
All right, and this is your last one.
I know, Daddy.
Bottoms up.
Ooh!
Let's try that again.
You haven't seen Jacob preach yet.
That might be for the best.
He is just being modest.
You are in for a real treat.
Well, he can't be worse than that
senior pastor back in Little Rock.
We had this elderly member die
during one of his sermons.
She just tipped her head back
and she passed away.
- No!
- Eyes glazed over,bubbled up
at the ceiling,
and no one thought anything about it.
Oh, no. That's not Jacob.
He's not fatally boring by any means.
I hope not.
It's just that, you know, he's, um...
he's really passionate
about keeping his preaching
doctrinally sound,
and, you know, some people
can't always follow.
Especially if they were
raised on that, you know,
"Y'all done messed around
and lost out with God!
And now God done turnt
it over to the phonies,
and, uh, hey!"
You're making fun of Daddy.
No! No, you know what I mean.
That whooping style of preaching.
No, Jacob is more moderate.
He just gives you the facts
and leaves you to feel the feelings.
We like the idea of a well-reasoned
faith, that's for sure.
You shouldn't have to check your
brain at the door of the church.
See?
I told you these were
our kind of people.
What a blessing.
Hear, hear.
So, you quit your job at the TV station,
just like that?
- Yeah.
- Whew! So jealous.
Of what?
That kind of reckless impulsivity.
Like, I can't make a single decision
without weighing every
consideration at least 800 times.
You think she's kidding.
We dated two and a half
years long distance
before she finally moved down.
So what finally tipped
the scales for you?
I convinced Kerissa to offer her a
teaching job over at Excellence.
No, it wasn't that. Don't say that.
- Well, what convinced you?
- I don't know.
I was just starting to feel like
whatever I was doing in Dallas,
he was missing.
How did you guys meet?
At Essence Festival.
Oh.
Well, I'm glad all the waiting paid off.
Yeah.
So, what brought you here?
I know you came back
for Faith's funeral.
- Yeah.
- I'm sorry about that.
Thank you.
But what made you decide to stay?
Were you interested in getting
back into the ministry or...?
Yeah. Yeah, I guess it had
been on my mind for a while.
So some good came from all that, right?
Yeah.
Well, praise God, right?
Hi. Can we get a table for three?
Sure.
He knows where the car is.
We just have to
get there before he does.
What about the others?
- They're all okay.
- Come on.
I'm glad you moved here.
Why?
I always wanted a sister.
- What was that?
- What do you mean?
Oh, my God!
Ow, ow!
I'll be right back.
You okay?
Careful.
Come on, you have to get up.
Do you want to get high?
Where? We're locked in.
We're not actually locked in.
Do you want to get high or not?
- Yeah, okay.
- Come on, come on.
Let's go.
- Oh, hey.
- Hey.
So, how are the wedding plans coming?
- It's crazy.
- Mm-hmm.
Before we started this whole process,
I would have been fine just eloping,
but now I have opinions
about tea lights...
strong opinions.
Go on, girl. Have those opinions.
What about you? Did you ever go through
this whole wedding
planning process madness?
No, I dodged that bullet.
I mean, Noah told me you and
Sophia's dad never got married,
but was there ever a time
you were thinking about it?
No, there was never an idea.
Hmm. You're independent.
Historically, yeah.
Again, I'm jealous.
We really are so different.
It's funny.
Well, that's enough about us.
How did you two meet?
Oh, how did we meet?
Now, that's a story.
We both worked at ACH in Little Rock,
and Fred was called in one night
to meet with the son
of a patient of mine
right after the boy's mom
had lost a baby girl.
We went out for coffee after
and we spent the whole
next day together.
Never got any sleep.
I didn't want to say good-bye.
And I kissed her once.
A week later, he called
me up and asked me out,
and I said yes.
Later that night, he picked me up.
And on our way to dinner,
he pulled over,
stopped the car, and said,
"Can I have your permission
to do something crazy?"
And she said, "Sure, I guess."
And then he pulled out a ring
and asked me to marry him.
After only one kiss?
I knew she was the one.
And you said yes just like that?
He was everything I
thought he was and more.
Best decision I ever made.
I've never heard of anything
like that happening in my life.
I just want to tell you,
that was my best decision, too.
I can't even believe it.
I take you in off the street.
I give you a hot meal every day.
Numbers don't lie.
So, you didn't steal the money?
No, ma'am.
You sure?
Because if this was "Millionaire,"
I'd ask you, "Is that
your final answer?"
- Well, is it?
- Yes, ma'am.
- William.
- Yes, ma'am?
If you are lying to me about this
and I find out you're lying to me,
I'm not just going to fire you.
I'm going to turn you
over to the police,
and I'm not playing with you.
You know I will do it.
My mama's car is bust.
So, you did it.
Only because her car is bust
and she said she would...
Tell me, why is your
mother's car busted?
- Tell me. Why?
- She wrecked it.
Driving drunk.
Yes, ma'am.
And she told you to do this?
She told you to steal from me?
No, ma'am.
Don't you see?
You keep letting her
take hold of you like this,
she's just going to
drag you down with her.
But what's she going to do
if I can't bring the money...
What's she going to do?
I don't care what she does.
You're the one I care about!
You!
I'll pay it back.
You damn right,
you're going to pay it back.
You going to work every Sunday
for the next four Sundays
cleaning up that basement
until we get organized
for the renovation.
Now, you get that?
Yes, ma'am.
Now, get on out of here.
Help David with those glasses.
Yes, ma'am.
Don't be mad.
I'm a lightweight.
I'm not mad, baby. I'm not mad.
I know that face, Kevvie.
Girl, you can't even see my face.
Sure, I can. I see both of them.
Oh, you sang so good tonight.
You did, too, baby,
better than that girl at Smokey Joe's.
Oh, I was so proud
when those guys sent those shots.
You know, gay men know good singing.
- Mm-hmm.
Well, I only sang that good
'cause I was singing to you.
Mm-hmm.
Let's take a pregnancy test.
Uh, why don't we just
do it in the morning?
I want to take one now.
I got to pee anyway.
- All right, come on.
- Yes. Ooh!
- Hurry up!
- Just hold on for a second.
Have you tried to open
one of these things?
Maybe.
You're the best husband ever.
Yeah.
Here.
I can't see.
Let me help, okay?
I love you.
Love you, too.
Hey.
Why can't we just make a
donation to his campaign?
The thought of you rattling
around in that old tin thing...
I know it worries you.
Worries me? It agonizes me.
Do you know that I still have nightmares
about that storm on the way to Cabo?
I thought that old plane
was just going to break in half.
Well, it's just a half-hour flight.
Hmm.
Unfortunately,
this is one of those trips
where I have to render unto
Caesar what is Caesar's.
And Caesar wants money.
Well, this Caesar wants respect.
How can I put this?
Is this where you're going to make
a big, fancy argument about why you need
to give your loving wife a heart attack?
- Oh, stop.
- All right, go ahead.
Senator Banks,
in order to ascend
the earthly heights he has,
made a number of bad deals.
He promised his black constituents
that he would fight for their rights.
Once he got in office,
he promised his white peers
that he wouldn't fight too hard.
Cashed in his credibility
earned on the front lines
of the movement
for a seat at a table
Jesus Christ would've
overturned in a fit of rage.
In short, in search
for his earthly power,
he's distanced himself from his race,
from his religion,
I'm guessing even his own soul.
And he won't be happy
until everybody else does the same.
Misery loves company.
In this case, it demands it.
- Then it's settled.
- What?
I'm coming with you.
Mmm.
And risk the unfriendly skies?
Well, I do need a new dress,
and they have that Chanel boutique
at the Nashville Nordstrom's, so...
- Mm-hmm.
Well, how about that?
Oh, that's good.
Oh, you do have such healing hands.
So, you get high?
Why wouldn't I?
I don't know.
Just 'cause you're, like, serious.
I am serious.
And I'm about to get seriously high.
That's right.
I'm equal opportunity serious.
We should get back in before
Pastor Ramona checks back in.
What should I do with this?
Just toss it.
- Uh-oh.
- What?
We're locked out.
Run that way. Run that way.
Come on!
Mmm!
I'll go get some to-go boxes.
- I always order too much.
- I do the same thing.
Was this okay?
Yeah.
She's great.
Isn't she?
I'm really, really lucky.
It's just amazing to feel
like you've found the person
you're going to be with,
that that's done.
I bet.
What?
When you left 20 years ago,
I was a jerk. I'm sorry.
- No, you weren't a jerk.
- Yeah, I was.
It's been driving me crazy
ever since you got back.
It just took me by surprise.
Like, it came out of the blue.
You want to leave, then you're gone.
But you were right, obviously,
and I'm happy now.
I just want to clear the
air and say I'm sorry.
That's it.
- What did I miss?
- I was just singing your praises.
Aww.
- Excuse me.
- Yeah.
- Hello?
- Pastor Greenleaf?
- This is she.
- It's Danielle Turner.
- Shh, shh.
- Shh!
Excuse me?
Where y'all coming from?
We were trying to get to the movie room,
but ended up in the Family
Life Center by mistake.
And the doors were locked,
because I guess they didn't want
the homeless people coming after us.
So, we went out the back exit
and we came around.
All right.
Y'all get back in there.
God is good.
All the time.
That's not true!
I know. I was there.
Okay, the shade was, like,
all over the place, okay?
- They was throwing all kind of shade.
- Yeah, she did.
- Really? Who was it, then?
- Nuh-uh, that is not on me.
- No, no, no, no.
- That's your friend.
Pastor Greenleaf?
Hey.
Yeah, that's me.
Thanks for calling.
How'd you find my email?
Church directory.
Does your mom know you're here?
No.
She thinks I'm at a friend's house.
What do you want?
All right, everybody! Closing time.
Y'all know the rules.
Time to get out.
And you two, no driving.
I want to make sure y'all
get to Graceland tomorrow.
David, see them out.
Make sure they get a cab.
- Yes, ma'am.
- Get out of here safe.
- Good night!
- We're good.
- Night, Miss McCready.
- Night, fellas.
Kenny, good night. Take
care of yourself. Be safe.
All right. Get
yourself some rest tonight.
All right.
What the hell are you doing here?
I'm just checking up on my sister.
Get the hell out of my place.
I saw the mayor today, Mavis.
He mentioned your expansion plans.
Did he, now?
Yeah, because he still
thinks of us as family.
Ain't that something?
You better get out of here.
I've got some friends
on the Landmarks Commission
who've had their eye on this
building for a while now.
Guess it used to be an abolitionist
newspaper back in the 1850s.
Well, they've talked in the past
about taking this place over,
making it into a museum or something.
I own this place outright.
I know that. They know that.
But there's also such a
thing as eminent domain,
and what with all this
heat around Kenny Collins,
I know the mayor's looking for ways
of showing he's all
about the black folks.
And what the hell are you all about?
You want to keep your club?
You want to keep strutting
up and down Beale Street
like some kind of cheap-ass Jesus
to these $3.00 ticket scratchers?
Tell Gigi to leave it alone.
Mac.
I don't know how you got
to be the way you are.
I don't know if Daddy did
something I don't know about...
maybe Mama.
I don't know, I don't care.
God knows I had my share
of pain from them,
but I didn't go handing it on
like it was some kind of gift.
Now, it's one thing to be sick.
It's another thing to go walking around
peacocking about it.
From what I remember of my Bible,
that kind of prancing
is reserved for Satan.
You...
you ain't gonna win this time.
This time, brother, you going down.
He came to my house a few times,
talked to my mom.
That's it.
Nothing you said
in your first statement
to the police happened?
No.
Mr. McCready never took you
to the church's camp at Blue Basin?
No.
He never touched you?
He never did anything.
I've never even been alone with him...
ever.
So, why did you say he raped you?
I wanted attention.
Danielle, what you said
in your first statement...
Mac actually did to my sister...
not just once, a lot...
until she couldn't take it anymore
and she told me all about it.
So, I told our parents,
and they didn't believe me.
And I said, "Ask Faith.
She'll tell you."
And you know what?
She said it hadn't
happened, just like you.
Why do you think she did that?
Mmm.
Maybe she was scared.
Of what?
Ruining everything for everybody.
Yeah, that makes sense.
But you know what?
Because she went back on her story,
because she didn't tell the truth,
Mac went on and did
the same thing to other girls.
And my sister...
What happened?
She never got over it.
She killed herself.
Trying to keep from ruining everything
ruined everything.
I don't know what to tell you.
I'm sorry about what
happened to your sister,
but it never happened to me.
Please just leave my family alone.
Danielle, is somebody making
you change your story?
- I got to go.
- Danielle, please!
I know it happened.
We both know it happened.
It didn't happen.
It didn't.
Just looks that way.
Really, it...
it was all my fault.
Honey.
- Oh, I can stop reading.
- You don't have to.
Ever been to anything like this?
No.
Did you have fun?
Yeah, it was okay.
Zora told me you go to Excellence.
Yeah.
That's a hard school.
It is. Yeah, it's intense.
I'm actually reading this for school.
It's not even for history, though.
The math teacher
just makes us read stuff.
Mind if I ask you a question?
Um, yeah, I guess.
Are you saved?
There's no right or wrong answer.
Do I have to be to be in youth group?
No.
I believe.
Now, most kids here say they believe,
but I don't know if they really do.
It's not my job
to search people's hearts.
I believe you're God's child.
And I know his spirit
lives inside of you.
How do you know?
I just do.
I see it.
I'll let you get back to your book.
Okay.
I like the braids, by the way.
Oh, thanks. Zora did them.
- See you in the morning.
- Mm-hmm.
Oh, my God.
Hey, are you okay?
- Yeah.
- Do you need anything?
Could have caught my limit by now.
Mm-hmm.
Every time we fly, it's the same thing.
We just sit here for hours and hours.
- It is never hours and hours.
- Oh.
We better get moving now if
we're going to make this lunch.
Conrad, tell me something good.
- I wish I could, sir.
- Every time.
Every single time.
Mae, will you just stop?
Every single time it's something
with this gimcrack piece of trash.
- We ain't going nowhere today.
- What's the problem this time?
It looks like a fuel leak,
but we can't seem to find it.
I'm happy it's leaking,
because they need
to take that horse to the glue factory.
Look, we need to get to Nashville.
Senator Banks is waiting on us.
Well, you could fly commercial.
Oh, no! Uh-uh.
Excuse me.
Marcus, we're going back home!
I'm sorry, sir. It's an old plane.
Just forget it.
You want me to call Banks's office?
No.
I want you to get me a new jet.
Wow. Really?
At least they threw it
in the trash. Hey!
- Hey! What's going on?
- Nothing.
Someone started a fire
in the Dumpster last night.
- No big deal.
- Ooh, shades of 1992.
- Completely.
- Here.
Oh, thanks.
So, you're here to pick up Sophia?
Oh, no, Kerissa is getting the girls,
taking them straight to soccer.
I need to talk to you.
- Got a minute?
- Sure.
So, how'd it go?
Really well, I think, for the
first night of the program.
Quiet.
- Quiet's good.
- Yes, it is.
We make a heck of a team.
Yeah, uh, got some big news last night.
Yeah? What about?
Charity and I are having a baby.
- Congratulations.
- Thank you. Thank you.
You don't have any kids, do you?
No. No, no. It's just me.
Hmm.
Yeah, it's pretty wild.
Yeah, I should probably
go wrap things up
so we can get out of your way.
Of course. Do what you got to do.
Jacob.
- Jacob.
- Hmm?
What? What I'd do?
Oh, I'm sorry.
I realized something last night.
Our relationship as we know it...
the relationship that we started...
is dead.
We need to get to help.
Help like, uh... like what, therapy?
Yes.
I'm not going to therapy.
I'm not.
So, why didn't you tell me?
At that age?
You would have killed Mac,
or said something, at the very least.
I knew Daddy was set
to pay for your school.
I didn't want to mess that up.
So, I lied.
I said we should be free
to see other people.
That wasn't what I wanted to do,
but I said it.
You were right to be angry.
What I was saying didn't make any sense.
You didn't do anything wrong, Noah.
I did.
I'm so sorry.
So, that's why you're here.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org